Project Name:
Online Store Sales Data Analysis

Business Problem(Project Purpose):
Dharam Vijay Store wants to create an annual sales report for 2022. So that, Dharam Vijay can understand their customers and grow more sales in 2023.

About Data:
The raw dataset contains 19 columns and 31048 rows of sales data from Dharam Vijay Store. 

Approach Used:
1 - Data Wrangling:
Performed data cleaning on the given raw data, removed inconcistencies, looked out for duplicates and null values in each column.
2 - Feature Engineering:
It helps to generate new columns with the help of existing ones. These new columns help to analyze data and find more details. I created two new columns 'Age Group' and 'Month'.
3 - Exploratory Data Analysis(EDA):
Exploratory Data Analysis is done to answer the business questions and aim of this project.
4 - Dashboarding:
Finally designed a cutting edge dashboard showing insights and multiple sales trends across different cities.

Sample Questions:-
1. Compare the sales and orders using single chart
2. Which month got the highest sales and orders?
3. Who purchased more, men or women in 2022?
4. What are different order status in 2022?
5. List top 10 states contributing to the sales.
6. Relation between age and gender based on number of orders?
7. Which channel is contributing to maximum sales?
8. Highest selling category? etc.

Key Skills:
data cleaning, feature engineering, exploratory data analysis, pivot table, pivot charts, data visualisation, dashboarding

Project Insights:
> Women are more likely to buy as compared to Men (~64%)
> Maharashtra, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh are the top 3 states (~35%)
> Adult age group (30-49 yrs) are most contributing (~50%)
> Amazon, Flipkart and Myntra channels are most contributing (~80%)

Final conclusion to improve Dharam Vijay Store sales:
Target Women customers of Age group (30-49 yrs) living in Maharashtra, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh by showing ads/offers/coupons available on Amazon, Flipkart and Myntra.